Update conprof &prof.md (#7417)
pingcap/docs: dashboard/dashboard-faq.md

3. Select the **Application** panel, expand the **Local Storage** menu and select the **TiDB Dashboard page domain**. Click the **Clear All** button.

    ![Clear the Local Storage](/media/dashboard/dashboard-faq-devtools-application.png)

> ### NgMonitoring does not start as expected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### A `required component NgMonitoring is not started` error notification is shown
```

> If the **Continuous Profiling** page shows that NgMonitoring does not start, perform the following steps to address the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the **Continuous Profiling** page shows that NgMonitoring component is not started, perform the following steps to address the problem.
```
